---
title: Terms of Service
---
Please read this Terms of Service agreement carefully before accessing or using
Viral Tracing. And feel free to email us at team@viraltracing.app if you have
any questions or complaints.

Viral Tracing is a contact tracing app. It is operated by Espians LLP
(hereinafter referred to as **"Espians"**, **"we"**, **"us"**, or **"our"**), a
company incorporated in England and Wales.

### Scope

These Terms of Service applies to [viraltracing.app](https://viraltracing.app),
any apps, APIs, communications and services we offer relating to Viral Tracing
(collectively referred to as **"Viral Tracing"**).

These Terms of Service do not apply to any website, product or service of any
third party, or other websites/platforms operated by Espians.

### Agreement

These Terms of Service constitute a legal document between you, as the user of
Viral Tracing, and Espians, as the owner of Viral Tracing. Throughout these
Terms of Service references to **you**/**your** are to you as the user of Viral
Tracing.

By using Viral Tracing, you are accepting the conditions as defined in these
Terms of Service. If you do not agree:

* Delete this site and any associated cookies from your browser,

* Delete any apps you've installed that are part of Viral Tracing,

* And do not visit or use the Viral Tracing site or apps again.

Any continued use of Viral Tracing will signify your acceptance of these Terms
of Service. Violation of any of these terms will result in the termination of
any accounts you may have on Viral Tracing.

### Privacy

The use of Viral Tracing is subject to our [Privacy Policy], which is located at
https://viraltracing.app/site/privacy and is incorporated into these Terms of
Service.

### Backing the Project

By backing the Viral Tracing project as a donor, you are giving us permission to
charge you for the amount you've chosen. Backing the project does not give you
any rights or control over the project.

By backing the project, you can have your name displayed as a supporter. If, for
any reason, we find the name you've provided to be unsuitable for the type of
community we are trying to build, we may, at our sole discretion, cancel your
donation. So please avoid anything inappropriate.

### Disclaimers

You use Viral Tracing at your own risk.

Viral Tracing is provided "as is" and on an "as available" basis, and we give no
warranty that it will be free of defects and/or faults.

We make no warranty or representation (express or implied) that Viral Tracing
will meet your requirements, that it will be of satisfactory quality, that it
will be fit for a particular purpose, that it will not infringe the rights of
third parties, that it will be compatible with all systems, that it will be
secure or that all information provided will be accurate.

We accept no liability for any direct or indirect loss or damage, foreseeable or
otherwise, including any indirect, consequential, special or exemplary damages
arising from your use of Viral Tracing or any information contained in it, to
the maximum extent permitted by law.

We accept no liability for any disruption or non-availability of Viral Tracing
resulting from external causes including, but not limited to, communications
network failure, power failure, host equipment failure, ISP (internet service
provider) equipment failure, natural events, acts of war, or legal restrictions
and censorship.

Nothing in these Terms of Service excludes or limits the liability of Espians
or its members, employees, agents, partners or suppliers for:

1. death or personal injury caused by negligence;

2. fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation;

3. any breach of the obligations implied by section 2 of the Supply of Goods and
   Services Act 1982; or

4. any other matter in respect of which it is not permissible by law to exclude
   or limit liability.

### Termination or Suspension of Service

We may terminate your access to all or any part of Viral Tracing at any time,
with or without cause, with or without notice, effective immediately, which may
result in the forfeiture and destruction of all information associated with any
account(s) you may have on Viral Tracing.

We may change, suspend, or discontinue Viral Tracing (including without
limitation, the availability of any feature, database, or content) at any time
by posting a notice on the Viral Tracing website.

We may also impose limits on certain features and services or restrict your
access to parts or all of Viral Tracing without notice or liability. However,
these provisions do not limit your statutory rights.

All provisions of the Terms of Service which by their nature should survive
termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership
provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.

### Entire Agreement and Severability

These Terms of Service are the entire agreement between you and Espians with
respect to Viral Tracing, and supersede all prior or contemporaneous
communications and proposals (whether oral, written or electronic) between you
and Espians with respect to Viral Tracing.

If any provision of the Terms of Service is found to be unenforceable or
invalid, that provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent
necessary so that the Terms of Service will otherwise remain in full force and
effect and enforceable.

### Assignment

These Terms of Service are personal to you, and are not assignable, transferable
or sub-licensable by you except with our prior written consent.

Espians may assign, transfer or delegate any of its rights and obligations
hereunder without consent, unless such action is prohibited by applicable law.

No agency, partnership, joint venture, or employment relationship is created as
a result of these Terms of Service and neither party has any authority of any
kind to bind the other in any respect.

### No Waiver

If we fail to insist that you perform any of your obligations under these Terms
of Service, or if we do not enforce our rights against you, or if we delay in
doing so, that will not mean that we have waived our rights against you and will
not mean that you do not have to comply with those obligations.

If we do waive a default by you, we will only do so in writing, and that will
not mean that we will automatically waive any later default by you.

### Governing Law / Jurisdiction

These Terms of Service shall be governed by and construed and interpreted in
accordance with the laws of England and Wales.

In addition you and we each agree that the courts of England and Wales will have
exclusive jurisdiction over any claim arising from, or related to, these Terms
of Service.

### Changes to these Terms

We may change these Terms of Service at any time and without prior notice, at
our sole discretion. It is your responsibility to check the Terms of Service
periodically for any such changes.

Your continued use of Viral Tracing after any change in these Terms of Service
will constitute your acceptance of such change.

*This document was [last updated][revisions] on 2020-04-04.*

[Privacy Policy]: /site/privacy
[revisions]: https://github.com/viraltracing/viraltracing/blob/master/website/page/terms.md
